[DOC-2145] update docs (#78)
datarobot/datarobot-user-models: README.md

For detailed information on how to create models that work in these environments, reference the links above for each environment.

## Building your own environment

> >Note: This is not common that you want to do this. For example: you don't want to use drum and want to implement your own prediction server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Note: DataRobot recommends using an environment template and not building your own environment except for specific use cases. (For example: you don't want to use **drum** but you want to implement your own prediction server.)
```

Author: fixed
